 https://test-english.com/writing/a1/a-description-of-my-house-a1-english-writing/3/

I live in a house on a quiet street.
It’s not far from  the town centre and it’s a twenty-minute walk to the train station. 
There is a bus stop near the house.
The house has got a living room with a large sofa and a television.
There’s also a large kitchen  with a table and three chairs.
In the kitchen,  there is a washing machine, a dishwasher and a fridge-freezer. 
outside, there’s a small garden behind the house.
Upstairs,there are two bedrooms. 
The main bedroom is big. It has got a double bed, a desk and a wardrobe. The guest bedroom only has a single bed. 
There’s one bathroom,  but it doesn’t have a bath. It just has a shower.


Last night, I was walking (walk) home when I saw (see) a car running very fast towards a red light.
I looked (look) at the driver and I could see that he was talking (talk) on his phone.
He didn’t stop (not stop) at the traffic light, and another car crashed (crash) into him and killed (kill) him. 
When the police arrived they asked me what had happened (happen) 
and I told (tell) them that the driver hadn’t seen (not see) the traffic light because he was on his phone.


Many years ago, I 1 
 (travel) along Central America with a friend. We 2 
 (travel) across Honduras for a couple of days when we 3 
 (arrive) at the border with Nicaragua. When we 4 
 (show) our passports to the border officers, they 5 
 (tell) us that in order to cross the border we had to pay some money; it wasn’t much, maybe a couple of dollars.

"What?" I said. I couldn't believe it. We didn’t have any money, because we 6 
 (see) any banks in the few villages we 7 
 (visit) along the way. We had a credit card, but it was Sunday and the banks were closed, so we couldn’t take out any money in the nearby villages. We 8 
 (beg) the officers to let us cross, but they just wanted to get their four dollars and they didn't care if we had to stay there the whole weekend.

We 9 
 (stand) there, next to the officers, when an old man dressed in very old and dirty clothes 10 
 (say), “I’ll pay the taxes for these two young men.” We were amazed. That man looked very poor, the kind of person for whom 4 dollars could be a big deal. “We don’t know how to thank you,” I said. And he replied, “A la mano que da, nunca le falta de nada”, which means something like 'A giving hand never goes empty'.
